everyone cute girl l HDC from long hair
don't care about knit and today I want
to go back to talking about the Cantu
shea butter leaving repair cream morning
because I want to talk to you about in
one of the previous videos well it
bothered me so much and anybody who
knows me personally can tell you that
this is not something that's unusual for
me but so some of you don't know me
personally but you might find this to be
a little bit strange or even just doing
too much I don't think so
anyhow I was bothered by those warnings
so much that I contacted the company yes
y'all I emailed Cantu personally so I
can hear it straight from the horse's
mouth what's the deal with these
warnings and how is it really going to
affect my hair so I'm going to read you
exactly what well say and I'm not making
this up I actually emailed the company
there you go so I'm going to read you
the correspondence so far I wrote hello
I have recently purchased your Cantu
shea butter leave-in conditioning repair
cream and was extremely excited to try
it until I read the warnings on the back
of the jar
I'm currently growing out my relaxer and
about 25 to 35 percent of my hair is now
new growth and according to one of the
warnings on this product it is advised
to avoid applying any styling or
conditioning product directly to new
growth my question is considering that
my new growth takes up a considerable
amount of the length of my hair what is
the detriment if I apply this product to
my new growth I would love to use this
product but I'd like to know how
applying the Cantu shea butter leave-in
conditioning repair cream to my new
growth will affect my hair thanks um
in advance for your health so then the
reply that they gave me and again I am
NOT making this up you can see right
there that this is what they say thank
you for your interest in Kant to the
warning for placing the leave-in
conditioner on your new growth is a
precaution the product is formulated to
repair hair damage but it does not cause
growth putting it too close to the scalp
may hinder hair growth
putting it too close to the scalp may
hinder hair growth therefore we
recommend not placing it too close to
your scalp
feel free to place it everywhere else to
condition your hair to recovery let me
know if you need any additional
information Thanks hey you know I was
just gonna leave it at that but there
was something else in that email that
kind of struck a chord with me so I then
of course replied back so this is the
third email this is my reply back to
what they said about just applying it
everywhere else and not too close to the
scalp thanks so much for getting back to
me so quickly
you have definitely clarified some
things for me but I do have a follow-up
question what is it about the product
that may hinder hair growth I'm guessing
that we're talking about Henri growth at
the follicle level and not once the hair
actually grows out of the scalp I just
want to make sure that we're all on the
same page so that I can get the full
benefit of the product that by the way
gets rave reviews in the blogosphere
thanks so much again so that was me to
them in response and then they replied
to me again she says I like your passion
I will have to get the answer for you
from our technical and quality control
department I will try to give you an
answer as soon as possible Thanks and of
course I said thanks for checking on
that for me have a great weekend there
you have it so I'm gonna reserve my
reactions to what the company said to me
about that just that specific warning
about applying the product on your new
growth and y'all can discuss it in the
comment section we can get a good
discussion going on about that I'm sure
anyhow I hope that was helpful
and stay tuned for the reply back to
what can't you have to say about how the
product may hinder hair growth if it is
applied on or too close to your scalp
have a good one
by
you